books neg 111.txt This was the worst book I've ever read. I bought it in February and just now finished it.All the hype what a let down. I'm not a college graduate but I do read a lot and know big words, but please I felt I was reading a term paper. Nothing earth shattering in this book, just a author who uses big words to make us think he's intelligent. Don't waste your time just watch the news.
books pos 110.txt Reading this book is like being forced to eat an entire 5 gallon carton of ice cream in one sitting. It is yummy and you don't want to stop. And then you do want to stop but you can't, because the book has you roped in. You should feel good, but in reality you feel awful, because of what you just did to yourself.
books neg 222.txt I purchased this guidebook because I was going to Montreal for a conference with a few days added and I had been happy with several Top 10 guidebooks I have purchased in the past. But this one was just frustrating. I expected that the book would contain two separate guides for the two cities. But instead the attractions of the two cities were just mixed up with each other. So I found it basically useless. 
books pos 120.txt Small book with good information!
camera neg 330.txt I purchased this camera for my 10 year old daughter to take on her first class trip to Washington DC this past weekend. When the camera arrived last week, we charged the batteries, purchased a SanDisk SD card to store images on, and got a padded case to go with it. After batteries were charged we tested the camera and took several pictures to make sure the camera was working, and to make sure our daughter knew how to operate all the functions on it. Nothing seemed amiss, our daughter was thrilled, and she was all set to go.
camera pos 800.txt This camera is small and cute. It is very easy to set up and use. The picture quality is really good. I just love how small it is cause I can just put it in my pocket and take it anywhere with me. This camera came with 2 Li-ion Batteries and these are rechargeable. It also comes with a charging cord that you can plug into your computer. Batteries do last for quite a while before needing to be recharged. For the price you get a really neat little camera. The instruction manual is easy to use once I used a magnifying glass.
dvd neg 200.txt Absolute garbage. The entire series from season 4 relies on spectacle and hollow sentiments and “subverting expectations”.
dvd pos 150.txt This movie was amazing! I saw it twice in the first two days it was out. I have downloaded the music and blasting it in my car. I have watched all the interviews of the actors and Freddie Mercury interviews. I liked Queen before but now I am obsessed. Remi did a great job in the roll and they did a good job matching the other players in the band.
health neg 207.txt this oil is synthetic, dl-alpha tocopherol. Not natural. The seller should not advertise this product as natural.
health pos 666.txt I've been using it every night for two weeks now and I love it. I was a little hesitant at first because I did not expect it to be so thick and I thought it might make me breakout...But it was the exact opposite my skin is so soft, clear, and brightened! I will absolutely be ordering more. Also, Kate is very attentive and makes sure you are satisfied with the product and that there are no problems so that another huge reason you should get this product.
music neg 785.txt I bought this album for my son for Christmas and he was very disappointed that it’s skipped. So I returned it for a replacement. The replacement skips too! I would return this one but I’m afraid it will just keep happening over and over again. I think they were trying to be a little too cute by putting a picture on the actual vinyl which makes it not run as smoothly. I wish I could just get my money back.
music pos 671.txt HOLY COW! When I initially purchased this vinyl, I assumed it would be a plain black record, with a standard label... BOY WAS I WRONG! When it came in, I quickly opened the packaging to reveal an AWESOME picture vinyl! The quality of the music when played is immaculate. software pos 199.txt Download the software for Mac. It immediately offered to get latest updates (as it has in prior years -- no surprise). It downloaded and extracted about 95% of the way. Where it say for quite literally TEN MINUTES! I was about to raise hell to get my money back, but then it suddenly continued. After installation, I imported last year's tax forms and so far it seems to be functional and correct
software neg 25.txt Product can not be installed outside of the USA. This information was not listed in the description.   